 So now you ran a 4% breakout scan, you used 2 links to find which is a good setup. After that, you decided to enter it and then you know where the stop you are going to put it. The next question is how many shares to buy or how much to buy, how much to risk on that particular setup. So for a breakout kind of a setup, if you are new, you might want to set a risk only half of a percentage of your account on a breakout. Or 1% or even if you are more conservative, 0.25%. So how will you know how many shares to buy? And I am going to show you how many shares to buy. So let's go to TACY2000 and take an example from Friday of a stock. So if you have a stock, say like ECH, which is like you decided to buy this particular stock. And you decided to put your stop at 28.63 or at low of the day. For both situations, let's look at like you want to risk 1% of your account. What does 1% of your account means? 1% of your account means what you are doing is you are going to be putting, if you are 100,000, you are going to risk $1,000 if your stop is hit. So in order to calculate how many shares to buy, there is a very easy way or a tool which is there. And which is part of the site itself. And if you go to this tools tab. And supposing you are 100,000. And you want to risk 1%. And your entry price is going to be 29.61. So your entry point price is 29.61. Right? And your stop is going to be low of the day. So your stop is low of the day, which is 27.57. So you put 27.57. And once you submit that, what you are going to get is. 1%. And you can put in 14,000. You can buy 490 shares for this particular stock. And you will be risking 14,000. And if your stop is hit, if the low of the day is hit, you are going to be losing $1,000. Now, if instead of stop price being 27.57, if you make it half of the day's range. Right? 28.63. The number of shares which you will be able to buy will be higher. Because your stop has. So you can buy double the size. Right? So closer is the stop, the more bigger is the size which happens in your thing. Now, because you are a conservative trader, you don't want to risk 1%. You can make this 0.5%. You make this 0.5%. You are going to be buying 510 shares of this particular stock. Right? Now, from a practical perspective, it might be better to like round it up to 500 or round it up to the nearest closest stock. Round it up to the nearest closest number rather than buying odd lot kind of a share. But this is a calculator which you can use to calculate. Now, as you can see, the closer the stop you make, bigger will be your position sizing. So if you put it at 1%, and if your stop is instead of 28.63, if you make your stop 29, you will be able to put 48% of your account on this particular swing. So as you gain expertise in trading this particular setup. And more and more confidence you have, and you have a high win rate. Then as you keep on increasing your position sizing on a trade, then that account moves much faster. But in order to decide how many shares to buy, go and use this tool. If you are going to be using low of the day as a price, put low of the day. And once you put low of the day, calculate how many shares to buy. And then, accordingly, you can decide how many shares to buy. So, that's it. How many shares you need to buy. So 490, you might want to round it up to 490 shares. Or 500 shares, whichever you want. But you will be putting in 15,000. If your stop is hit, you are going to lose 1000. That's called as taking 1% risk. Now this is one of the ways in which you can risk. So what this means is that if you are using half of the days as a stop, right? And if your half of the day is 28.63 in this example. So if you are using 28.63. Right? What is going to happen is you are going to put 30% of your account into this thing. So if you buy 3 setups, you will be fully invested. So how many positions to carry also is really answered by what is your stop really. Because if your closer is your stop, you may not be able to even have 3 positions. Because if your stop is say 29 on this particular case. Right? So you already have 45% of your account in this. So next position might be just another position. So how many? Not 20 positions. Not 10 positions. 3 to 4 are manageable. Right? It's the same as number of kits you have. If you have 3 kits, it's manageable. If you have 2, it's much better. Right? You have 10, 20, there is nothing wrong. You can be Elon Musk. But then are you really managing them? So just putting in small, small, small positions really doesn't help. Use the tool which is there on the site to calculate or if you want you can create your own tools. But again the tool should be very handy and immediately available as soon as you know what you are going to do. Immediately you should be able to figure out how many shares you want to buy. Now having used these kind of tools, nowadays I really do a flat size. So instead of using a tool like this, I just buy a flat number of shares. 5000 shares or 3000 shares. Because I am fast at mental calculation. I still know how much half a percentage of my account is going to be. 1% is going to be. So I can do that calculation. And without using a tool also, I buy 3000 or 5000 shares as a flat size in a million dollar account. But you can decide to use the tool. I would recommend for beginners to start with the tool and over a period of time transition to whatever is much better, smoother and faster for you. But. This is going to answer you how many shares you should be buying. Or how much percentage of your account you should be putting into a 4% breakout or a momentum burst kind of a breakout setup.