 How to set up 4% breakout and breakdown chart template is what we are going to discuss in this particular video. If you have 4% breakout and breakdown days visible on the chart, then you know where a 4% breakout happens. And it is going to help you visually to identify where a 4% breakout has happened or where a 4% breakdown has happened. So let's go to TC2000 for this and then when we go to TC2000, I will show you how to set this up in TC2000. So this is how TC2000 looks now currently. I want to add 4% breakout and breakdown like you see here on this particular chart. So in order to do that, I start with this particular symbol which is a new chart. Or you can also go and look at chart and you can start with a new chart. But we are going to start from here because then it will just add it to the layout on the site. So chart and then blank chart is what we selected. When we came in here, this is how it will look. And this is how by default it is going to look based on whatever setting I have selected. So let's start editing chart properties. The first thing I have selected here is candlestick. Now the candles I don't want in green. I want in black so I can change that to black. So I can change that to black. Once I do that, edit plots. There is nothing here. Pre-post data. When pre-post. Scaling. All those I don't do here anything. Now these lines, if you don't want these lines, then you can just get rid of those lines by setting this to zero. So that way you can get a clean chart. If you want your watermark to be not visible so much, then you can play around with this. To get your watermark really or you want like in bold, you can get that way. Right? So this is what I have done. So this is how first your chart is now. Right? Now what you're looking at is there is a gap here between this price close and there which is unnecessary gap. So I don't like. So you see this triangle. There's a small triangle here. So I'm going to use this triangle to take it to the completely. To this side. Now again charts, if they are scaled like this where they are very high, they look very different. So normally I scale it to around 50% or 40% of this. I take it down using this triangle again. So this is the first stage. This is a chart now which just has price. We need to add volume to it. So in order to add volume, you go to left click. Edit. Add plot. Search for volume. Right? So volume. You added volume to it. By default it is going to add volume with a moving average 50. I don't need moving average 50. So I can take it out if you like. You can keep it. Now volume by default they made this price as green and red. You can change that to black which is what I have and red. Okay? So that is the thing which is their volume. Right? Now after you do that you can take this down to make it a small window. Now we are going to add to this particular thing the 4% condition bullish and bearish. So that you know whether this was a 4% breakout or whether this was a 4% breakdown or a breakout or this was a 4% breakdown. Things like that. Right? In order to do that. But again we are going to left click. Add plot. Now you have to go to custom PCF percentage true indicator because the 4% breakout is a condition which can be either. Yes or no. Right? So either it is true or false. So that is why custom PCF true indicator. When you go and click on that by default TC2000 is going to put a scan which is C by C1. So you want to change that. So I am going to change this. So you go left click. Edit. And when you edit first thing I am going to change from line I am going to change it to area. The color because we are going to put the bullish condition first I want to visually put bullish condition. Bullish condition as green. So I am going to put it as green here. Right? And now area fill color. Now this is how it will look. Right? And I want to fill the area with a green color only. So lighter green. Right? So I made it lighter green. Right? And so this is the thing. Now I want to remove this condition and put our 4% condition. So 4% condition C by C1 is greater than or equal to 1.04. Right? And V is greater than V1. And V is greater than or equal to 100,000. So once we decide this we can make this as 4 because that is the bullish side of it. Now once I click OK on this here is what you are going to get. You are going to get whenever this stock made 4% condition you are going to get this green. Spike. Right? So you can go and see on some other stock beyond meat. Right? And so on this particular day it had 4% breakout. It had a 4% breakout also on this day. It had a 4% breakout here. So here it had 4% breakout. Right? And here it had no here it had 4% breakout not on that particular thing. Right? And wherever that now this is just the bullish side. We are going to add the bearish side to this particular same scan. Again same thing. thing. Add plot, go to custom, PCF true indicator, now this is formula, click on it, edit, now we are going to convert this to area and we are going to make it red, okay, and we are going to change this fill color to whatever like, so pink, right? And now we can like, and we make this formula, C by C1 is less than or equal to 0.96, so the stock is down 4% less. And V is greater than or equal to, V is greater than V1 and the third condition, V is greater than or equal to 100,000, right? So once we add this condition and make this as 4.96. Okay? And now we will come back to tell you how, because visually, you know this is red, right? And basically so, once you come here, what is going to happen is a bullish condition will look like this, bearish condition will look like this. Now, you don't want them in separate panel, you want them in the same panel. In order to put them in the same panel, what I am going to do is, see here, you have this move, right? I am going to move this, move and overlay. So when I moved and overlaid, now you have 4% break out and you have 0.96. out and break down in the same chart right now once you have this you can adjust the size of these panels right and once you adjust the size of this panel you have 4% breakout and 4% breakdown which has been set up on a scan now you will see that whenever you see my charts this is on the top and this is at the bottom if you want to do that what you can do is you can just again move the panel up and do that way or what you can do is you can take volume down so it's easier to take volume down so you click on this right and insert here so volume is at the bottom and 4% breakouts around the top so you want to know like say for any stock Tesla where there is a 4% breakout here there was a 4% breakout here there was a 4% breakout here why is there a breakout 0 percent vruchum come here was a 4% breakdown, right? Here there was a 4% breakout, here there was a 4% breakout which started a move and that move was 14%, right? And this is very useful visually because then you know where 4% breakout happened on any stock like Apple didn't have a 4% breakout for a long period of time, it had a 4% breakout here which really didn't follow through, right? So that is the way you can use this on any chart, right? Now what you will see is that on my 4% charts when you see my charts, right? It has additional this panel and many of you want that particular thing which is an indicator called momentum indicator. So if you want to add that, I am going to add this on this particular chart so that you have a complete chart setup for 4% breakout. So in order to add that, just what I am going to do is I will go to the chart, there is edit chart properties again, not edit chart properties, I am going to go add plot, right? And make custom PCF true indicator. Now this indicator is trend intensity which in a separate guide we are going to cover trend intensity but for the time being the bullish part of this again we convert it into area, we make it green, right? And then we are going to make this light green, right? And here we are going to write average C7 divided by average C65 is greater than or equal to 1.05 and we are going to make this as 65 or we can just label it as Ti. So once we label it as a Ti, what you get is you get a panel which looks like this. So what we are going to do is we are going to move this panel and overlay it on the volume. So what you get is overlaid it on the volume, right? We are going to add the barest part of this particular thing. So add plot, go to custom PCF true indicator, again formula we are going to change, first we are going to change this to area, then we are going to change this to red and then we are going to change this to light red so that it tells you that like and this is like this and we are going to change this formula. Average C7 divided by average is 65 is less than or equal to 0.95 right so once you do that you are going to get and then you can make this as TI again so you know it is a TI and once you do that you are going to get P rates where the trend was negative now I want to overlay this on this particular thing so again go here and overlay and here you will have a complete chart where you have TI 65 and that plotted on the volume scale at 4% breakout and 4% breakdown plotted now once you do this important step is next you must save this save this chart and then give it a name so let's say we call it 4P okay because I want to distinguish from the 4 I already have maybe having there. So once you save this. Then you are going to get 4P right now in case this disappears and you cannot find it it's very easy to find it again when you go here what you will see chart and all these things which are there you will have your 4P here so whatever chart you have created will show up in the blank chart basically if you do it that way. So this is how you set up a 4% breakout and a 4% breakdown chart add a TI 65 indicator to it and once you do that you are all set to start making money using this particular scan.