 When trading 4% breakout, one of the problems which you are going to encounter is you get a lot many breakouts like 200, 300 breakouts on many days and then you can feel overwhelmed in order to handle that. There is another filter which I tried and which also works very well especially if you are looking for holding things for a longer term. You want to find something which is a momentum on a longer period like the 6 months momentum. So I experimented with the 6 months momentum filter and it also works very well. If you want to use that as a filter. So let's go to TC2000 and look at this idea of putting in a filter of 6 months. So in order to do that what you want to do is add a filter called MDT. And for MDT, again it's a momentum indicator which tells you whether a stock has a momentum on 126 days or a 6 months time frame. And you can add a momentum filter which looks for stocks which have. Momentum of 1.18% on average, see by average see 1.126. Now this only selects stocks which are very strong. So again when you apply this kind of a filter from 73 stocks, you reduce the universe to only stocks which were very strong. Now the advantage of this kind of a filter is again if you are looking for something which is consolidating long term consolidation. And then it is. Breaking out then a 6 months momentum filter is a good filter to use. As I explained in the earlier video also many of these filter ideas I used for some years and then I realized that because of these filters I was losing out on some really good trades. So I don't personally use any of these filters but you can use a filter like MDT filter or some other filter to reduce your number of stocks. Which are very strong. So I don't personally use any of these filters but you can use a filter like MDT filter or some other filter to reduce your number of stocks which are very strong. And again if you are looking at song that did not are showing up in 4% breakouts is very useful to for when you are looking high the level pressure. That gives you the ability to manage this kind of balance. For those of you who do not have questoCD in your market if you have market. You do. See this much questions which are showing up in 4 Target. They show beefc い. How this apartment lot cost which MZE guess that list if we size And see that what does complex value is? Youeleandz expericesne I think not know a lot about how to handle and sell.