 How to set up a 4% scan? Let's look at how to set up a 4% scan. In order to do that, let's look at TC2000 and in TC2000 we will try and set up this scan so you know exactly how you can do this. When I go to TC2000, this is what you are going to look at. So here is the step by step how you do it. So when you are in TC2000, go to new, open combo list and name this 4% breakout bullish. Add list, that is what kind of stocks you want to use this scan on. US stocks, you add American repository receipts, you can add ETFs. So you added all this. Now this is the scan. Now this is the source list which we are going to scan. On this, add the condition of 4%. So we are going to write formula. So write formula here. We are going to call this 4% breakout bullish. So we set it up there. So C by C1 is greater than equal to 1.04. That means the stock is of 4% and volume is greater than yesterday's volume. So V by V1 and V is greater than or equal to 100,000. So today volume is greater than 100,000. So this is true. Now once you put this in and you will get 127 stocks. So what you want is you don't want it separately here. So you can tag this, move this window and you will get 1027 stocks. So let's compare this. So that's how it is. So the stock is good. So now let's compare this. So let's compare this. Tab here. So now you have 4% breakout here bullish 4% breakout Similarly, we'll create a 4% breakdown so for 4% breakdown again same steps new and Then you're looking at a combo list combo list name this 4% breakdown Once you do decide or do that add list again your stocks We'll add ADR and we'll add ETFs and once we add that we are going to add Condition we are going to write the formula 4% breakdown So in this case C divided by C 1 is less than or equal to 0.96 that means it is down 4% plus and V is greater than or equal to V 1 and V is greater than or equal to 100,000 and Once you do that What you are going to get is 4% breakdown again the same thing So you want to move this in order to move this you move window move and tab here So now what you have is You have 4% breakout you have 4% break down So 4% breakdown is 4% breakdown So you have 4% breakdown You have 4% breakdown 4% breakdown So you have 4% break out you have 127 stocks 4% breakdown you have 148 stocks this includes your ETF right now in case You want to like an a not trade very low price stocks because when you go through this list now You are going to find some stocks which are going to be really really low priced kind of a stocks, right? And basically so if you don't want that what you can do is you can go here and add a filter and that filter so choose condition and and go to price, say let's say that we don't want to look at breakouts on stocks price below 3 dollars, so we can add this is greater than 3 dollars, once you add that your number of breakouts has dropped to 73. Same thing you can do here, where you can like add a condition saying I don't want to look at like, so go choose condition, make it price and once you make it price, set it to less than, greater than, again 3 only, right, so you will get 90 stocks. So this is how you can set up 4% breakout bullish and 4% breakdown bearish and you are all set to start scanning using 4% breakout and 4% breakdown. Setting up a scan is the first step. Once you set up the scan. You will get an idea as to what shows up and then if you want you can add more filters to the scan to reduce the number of stocks which are coming in or to make your life easier, but this is the first stage.