 What is the magnitude of momentum burst or how much profit can you make on a momentum burst trade? Now the momentum burst trade has a certain magnitude and accordingly you should have an expectation on that particular trade. Now when you look at a momentum burst, what you will see is that they have a magnitude of anywhere between 8 to 40 percent. Or if you are looking at higher priced stocks, it can be anywhere between 10 to 300 dollars. The understanding nuances of this is important. If you are going to be trading stocks which are priced below 10 dollars, most of the time the momentum burst on stocks which are trading below 10 dollars is going to be between 20 to 40 percent. So in a 3 days time frame or a 5 day time frame, the stock after a breakout is going to make 20 to 40 percent move. So if you are trying to like in a target 20 to 40 percent kind of a thing, then you need to go into a lower priced stock category. Now if you are looking at stocks which are priced between 10 to 40 dollars kind of a thing, you are going to get anywhere between 8 to 20 percent kind of a profit in 3 to 5 days. Now if you trade higher priced stocks, like if you are supposing trading stocks which are trading at 100 dollars plus, then what is going to happen is in you are going to get magnitude of momentum burst. So the magnitude of between 10 dollars to 50 dollars. The higher the price of the stocks which you get into, like supposing if you are trading a 300 dollar stock, taking 10 dollars on a 300 dollar stock is not really a good trade. There you are going to get on a 300 dollars anywhere between 30 to 50 dollars on a momentum burst. And when you get into this very high priced, super high priced stocks like 500 dollars plus, a momentum burst on this, a momentum burst on them might be 50 dollars to 300 dollars in 8 to 10 days. So this is important. Lower price, lower the price, you are going to get 20 to 40 percent. Higher the price, you are going to get like in dollar terms, not in percentage terms. That 50 to 300 dollars on a stock which is priced 1000 dollars may not be, maybe just 3 to 10 percent or 3 to 8 percent. So this is important. And if you try and understand this, then accordingly, you will get a good price. You will not be undercutting your own profit potential. And again, let's look at some of the examples of a very low priced stocks and look at some high priced stocks to try and understand this better. Like when you look at very high priced stocks, right? Say let's like an asset by price and look at very high priced stocks like say booking. The momentum burst on a booking, which is just a three days momentum burst, still the stock made a move up around 96 dollars. Here there is a momentum burst. And from that momentum burst in four days or five days, the stock made 180 dollars move. So here in order for you to understand this better, let's look at this. Right. So this is a momentum burst because it's a range expansion. Now I'm not calculating the return from this particular day where it was itself. The stock was up 62 percent, 62 dollars. But here from, assuming that you entered on this day in the next three or four days, the stock made 168 dollars, approximately 168 dollars in three to four days. Right. And this kind of 50 to 100 kind of swings are very common on the high priced stocks. And that is why some people focus on high priced stock. Like say if you see here recent example of a good momentum burst here. You see MCK. This is a high priced stock. It trades at around 300 dollars. Right. And this is a range expansion on it. This is a move which is bigger than any of the moves. And if you see from that range expansion, I think it made around 40 dollars move. Right. So here in five to six days, it made 27 dollars, not 40 dollars. Right. And a 27 dollars move. And this is very common on high priced stocks. You're going to get range expansion where you're going to get 10 to 40, 50 dollars kind of a profit. While you go on a lower priced stock, if you go on a very low priced stock, what you're going to get is you're going to get momentum burst, which will be like, and this is a four dollar stock when the stock broke out. On this particular thing, momentum burst in three to five days, it made 114 percent move. This momentum burst was again 100 percent. Right. Whenever you go into lower priced stocks, expect 20 to 40 percent in three to five days. 20 to 30 percent. Most of the time on lower priced stocks. That's the kind of move which you're going to get if they are below $10 kind of a stock. If they're really lower priced stock, you're going to get those kind of moves always. Like and if you see here, some of the stocks which I made a move in the last couple of weeks, and they are lower priced stocks. Right. And they will be making momentum burst moves of 70 percent, 40 percent, 50 percent, lower priced stocks. Right. And $8 momentum burst is 30 percent. Right. Low priced stock, momentum burst is 27 percent. Right. 20 to 40 percent on lower priced stocks. If they are priced like this kind of a thing, momentum burst is 70 percent. This is 40 percent. In three to five days. Okay. Very low price, you're going to get momentum burst, which are going to be very, very explosive in terms of percentage. So, lower priced stocks, aim for 20 to 40 percent. Your objective should be to try and get 20 to 40 percent. If it is a very low price stock below $10. Like here, momentum burst. And in four days, it made 24 percent move. If you go into a higher price stocks, then start looking at $10 to $50. And if you're really going into a super high price stock, then they'll have between 50 to $300 as swing. So magnitude of move in three to five days is anywhere from eight to 40 percent. Or between 10 to $300 in this particular momentum burst as a phenomenon. Okay.