 Do you need to trade low float stocks to make money using momentum burst? And the answer is no. Momentum burst can happen on any float stocks. And in fact on many stocks which have explosive momentum burst can have high float also. So trade momentum burst as an isolated phenomenon irrespective of low float. Low float is not a necessary condition for a momentum burst to work. Again let's look at some of the examples of stocks which had floats of 50 million, 100 million, 25 million and they made big moves. And that way you are not again going to put conditions which are not necessarily for a momentum burst to work. So let's look at like say TC2000 and when you go to TC2000 and look at some of the recent. Okay this has 18.6 million as a float. This has 50 million as a float. And it worked very well. It made 155% move in a momentum burst. This made like 53% kind of a thing. So if you have an artificial thing that I am going to be trading only stocks below 10 million. You are going to miss out on many momentum bursts. You are going to miss out on many momentum bursts. You are going to find momentum bursts with 35 million float. You are going to find momentum bursts on stocks which have 100 million float. And they will work very well. Because this is 180. And they have 24 million shares traded on this particular stock. There is a momentum burst. And the momentum burst is 28%. Right. You had a momentum burst here. And the momentum burst was 10%. So think about all the things which you are going to add. Here the float is 123 million. And you had a momentum burst. And the stock made 23% move. Here you have a momentum burst. Stock made 59% move. Right. So float is not necessarily. Necessary for a stock. To make a big move. Just focusing on low float stock for momentum burst may not be the best idea. Float is 482 million shares traded. Right. Stock makes 21% move. Here again there is a momentum burst. And stocks makes a big move. So float. Best kind of a filter is going to leave you out of many good momentum bursts. Don't care about float. Don't care about 200 day moving average. Don't care about anything. If you want to make money. You have to make money. Using momentum burst. Thank you.