 One single parameter if you focus on you will be in breakouts which tend to work well and which tend to make bigger moves and that one single parameter is capitalization. Stocks with capitalization below 10 billion will tend to make bigger 8, 10, 20%, 40% kind of a move. Typically lower the capitalization more explosive the move is likely to be in a stock and this is something if you understand when you run a 4% scan and when you look at your scan criteria and then if you can focus on stocks which have capitalization like say here BSC had a capitalization of 2.4 billion and you can look at this and you can see this whenever the market makes some big moves. Like in the last couple of months. Last like one and a half months ago or 15 days ago the market was doing very well and if you look at the stocks which went up 20% plus and if you sort them by capitalization you will see that bulk of the stocks which made big moves had capitalization below out of the 430 stocks only 75 stocks had capitalization above 10 billion and bulk of the stocks had capitalization below 10 billion. 10 below 10 billion capitalization. 10 billion capitalization. 10 billion capitalization. 10 billion capitalization. 10 billion capitalization stocks are going to make big moves and that is the thing which you need to understand. So in order to select the stocks if you select the one which are very high capitalization they are only going to make a small move in percentage terms. So if you want to improve like Lockheed Martin has a capitalization of 112 billion when it breaks out it will make in many cases they are not going to have much of a 4% breakout for many many months and if they have they are not going to make as big a move as a stock which has a capitalization below 10 billion. Within that also if you see most of the stocks which make moves will have capitalization even lesser than 1 billion. So what affects how much win percentage move will happen or what kind of stocks make explosive move is capitalization. So when you have a choice of 5, 6, 7 good setups if you select the one which has a lower capitalization then likely your trade is going to make you more money. Capitalization below 10 billion. Capitalization below 10 billion. Capitalization below 10 billion. If you have a smaller account if you focus you will make more money.