 Can a momentum burst be anticipated? The answer is some of the momentum burst can be anticipated. Not all momentum burst can be anticipated. You cannot anticipate something which is a sudden burst of momentum. If you see stocks which make momentum burst, suddenly they burst out of momentum. First part of a momentum burst is difficult to anticipate. Once a stock has a first momentum burst, if it tries to make a second momentum burst, in some of the cases you might be able to anticipate and enter in anticipation of a possible momentum burst. But if your idea is to just try and anticipate every single momentum burst, you are going to miss out on 70 to 80% of the momentum burst. Because by very nature, it's a sudden range expansion which starts momentum burst. Sudden momentum coming into a stock leads to a momentum burst. And when I show you my TC2000, you are going to see examples where the momentum burst started suddenly. The momentum burst was a sudden phenomenon. You cannot anticipate things like this. This part of the move you might be able to anticipate. But this part of the move, no, you will not be able to anticipate. Many of the momentum bursts you will not be able to anticipate. The ones which are really explosive, you will never be able to anticipate. So keep this in mind. If you are anticipating, if your idea is to just try and build all your trading around just anticipating momentum, suddenly momentum came in and stock went up 40%. So it's not possible. And sometimes there is an illusion because the chart, the stock has gone up a lot. You look like there was a very low range kind of a thing before the momentum burst. But it is not. On that day, the stock may not, there is no way to know that this stock is going to break out on this particular day. There is no way to know that this stock is going to break out on this particular day. There is no way to know that this stock is going to have a momentum burst on that particular day. So momentum burst, by its very nature, is a reactive method. While anticipation is an anticipatory method. Can some momentum burst be anticipated? Yes. Can all momentum burst? 80% of the momentum burst will not be possible to anticipate.