 Okay, let's look at how you can apply the 2-Lynch criteria to actual scan which has happened on Friday. So for that I am going to go to TC2000 and in TC2000 run a scan 4% breakout. So this is the scan which we set up just few videos ago which has a 4% condition and price is about $3. So you are getting 73 stocks on this particular day. Now everything which shows up is not a good buy candidate. I am going to use the 2-Lynch criteria which I discussed with you to select a good candidate in this particular list of stocks which are showing up. So let's again recap what is 2-Lynch. 2-Lynch stands for not up to days in a row, linearity, young setup, narrow or negative day prior to breakout. Consolidation quality should be good, not more than 1 4% breakdown, low volume during consolidation, not a choppy consolidation, volatility should decrease during the consolidation, stock should close near the high. So if I go through this, this stock is up 2 days in a row. This stock is already like was up. There are 2 4% breakdowns. Am I going to select this? No. Now this is a very choppy stock. So linearity is an issue for this particular stock. So am I going to select that? No. So here the stock is already like there is no consolidation at all in this particular stock. Here the consolidation had like 2, 3, 4% breakdown. This is a 4% breakdown. This is a 4% breakdown. Right 2% breakdown. So that is not a good candidate. Here again you have 1 4% breakdown. This is not an orderly consolidation. There was like a volume was high during this consolidation. So it doesn't meet 2-Lynch criteria. Here this is the first leg. It's going sideways. It has a breakout. Stock is not first. It is not closing near the high. So that is the negative. In this particular case, again the consolidation quality. Consolidation has 2 4% breakdowns. Consolidation is choppy. Consolidation is not orderly. So this is not a good candidate. Now let's go to this again. If you look at this, there is no clear consolidation. It's not really clearly breaking outs. So known. This is a candidate. Where you can look at it. You had this first leg which was very linear, it had a very orderly pullback, there was no 4% breakdown, not really the volume was low during this pullback and it is breaking out, it is closing near the high. So that's one candidate which I found after going through this particular list. Here again you have 4% breakdown, this is not consolidation, this is a deep pullback kind of a thing, stock is not closing near high. So the moment you start using your condition to lynch, you can eliminate 80-90% of the stocks which are showing up in your scan. Now this is a first leg, it has an orderly consolidation or a pullback, stock is not really closing near the high, if you look at closely, it has a lot of choppiness during its first leg. So this is a B category, C category setup which is maybe kind of a setup unless somebody is putting gun to your head. I would not say that. I would not say that you should buy a setup like this. Again this doesn't meet criteria because clearly you have 2-4% breakdown and this is where you will realize the importance of having these things on your chart. So you can quickly in one glance decide not to even focus on the stock like this, right? Plus stock is not closing near the high. Again choppiness of this consolidation, first leg, second leg, third leg, fourth leg, this will be a fifth leg. So is it young? No. So like this. If you continue using this thing, you can eliminate because 2-4% breakdown, stock is not closing near high. So the two-lens condition is going to eliminate a lot of stocks while here you have the first leg. You had two-three days, three-four days of minor pullback and the stock is breaking out and it's closing near high. So you have another candidate here. Now if you look at this, this consolidation is very choppy. There is one huge high volume day. The stock was up a day before this, day before breakout it was up 3.63. So it's not a good candidate. Again here, if you look at it, one, two, three. So you don't even need to go further and look at anything else. The stock is also not closing near the high. Stock is up two days in a row. So no. Stock is in a downtrend actually, right? And it's not closing near the high. There is a high volume during this pullback. So no. Stock is not closing near the high. So automatically it goes plus three-four percent breakdown. Here you had this leg but the volume was okay. So can you consider this? Yes. Right? So that can be a candidate. It is closing near high. So that's a good candidate. HPK not closing near high. Eliminated four percent breakdowns were there. The stock is now up three days almost. Four percent breakout was here. This is the third day. Third day of a swing. And there was one big high volume down day also in this particular consolidation. So answer is no. I am not going to take this. Again consolidation is very poor. No. Consolidation is all over the place. Stock is not closing near the high. Answer is no. Right? Consolidation has two-four percent breakdown. No. And so on and so forth. If you keep going down, you can eliminate many of these stocks by using two-inch as a criteria. And once you eliminate most of these stocks, after going through this, again like the consolidation quality is very poor. This is in a downtrend. Stock is up two days in a row. So it is not a good stock. Two-four percent breakdowns. Again here stock is up four days in a row. So that is not a good breakout. This is in a downtrend. Right? And basically and so not closing near the high also. So like this. Let's go through this list using our criteria. And. See how many stocks meet. Now this consolidation quality is poor. There is a breakdown. It is a deep consolidation. This thing, very choppy consolidation. So that is not a good setup. Right? Again, choppiness in the consolidation. This is a breakout here. It did not work. Next day ended up giving. Again so no. Again two-four percent breakdown itself is a killer. Here. Two-four percent breakdown, killer. Two-four percent breakdown, there is no consolidation. There is no consolidation quality. So choppy. Can setup like this work? Yes. I will let other people trade this kind of setups and make money. I am not going to get into setups which meet this kind of a consolidation quality. And so on. Right? So as you keep going down. You will see that not many stocks are meeting the condition of four percent breakout on Friday. And the stocks which are meeting the four percent breakout. We already identified some of them. Now this stock is like gapping up and giving up the gains not closing. So if you go through this now. We found ECH which is an ETF which is closing near the high. And first leg, orderly pullback and negative or narrow range day before the consolidation. Consistent buying for four-five days. That is a good setup. This is choppy. So you can eliminate that. You have BCH. Again continuous buying in the first leg. Orderly pullback not a major pullback. This pullback was hardly three percent breaking out. Closing near high. So it means two-inch condition. Again there is a buying here and then breaking out. So these are the three candidates which meet my criteria for buying in this particular thing. So two-inch once you apply to your four percent breakout list. What you are going to find is that 80-90 percent of the setups which show up not even 80-90. 95 percent of the setups which show up are not going to meet your criteria. Only select the A quality setup. That's the trick to having higher win rate. If you select B quality setup, you select setup which doesn't meet two-inch criteria, then you'll be very frustrated trading a breakout method. So again what is the methodology? You run a scan as soon as stock starts showing up. Use two-inch criteria and select stocks. And when you select the stock and that meets all your criteria. That's it. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.