 So when you start trading 4% breakout, you are going to get 100 to 150 stocks showing up in your 4% breakout on a typical day. And many times you are going to get 300, 400 stocks showing up in 4% breakout. So for beginners it can be overwhelming. So there can be some filters which you can add. Over the years I have experimented with different filters. Currently for my own personal trading I don't use any filter. But if you are one of those persons who doesn't have enough time to go through every 4% breakout. Or if you have some problem with like really going through breakouts of that many magnitude. Then you can put a filter. So I am going to show you various ways to put filters. The first filter which you can put in is TI65 filter. And in order to show that let's go to TC2000. Now in TC2000 when we go to TC2000. This is the scan which we can. We created in TC2000 right. And this is the scan which we created in TC2000 in this particular scan. What you can do is you are getting around 73. But if you want to reduce the number of stocks. After this you can add another filter to this. And that filter is you write a formula. So which is a TI65 filter. Or you are only selecting stocks with an established momentum. So average C7 divided by average C65 greater than or equal to 1.05. Now if you put this filter. What is going to happen. Is that you are significantly going to reduce the number of breakouts. Which meet that particular criteria. Of 4% because they are to meet 4%. Then has to be priced above $3. They also need to have a momentum. This is a momentum indicator. So once you do that. What you have done is from 73. We had only 24 breakouts right. So that way you are only focusing on stocks with an established momentum. So that way you are only focusing on stocks with an established momentum. So that way you are only focusing on stocks with an established momentum. So that way you are only focusing on stocks with an established momentum. And I use this kind of a filter for many years. And subsequently the more I studied 4% breakouts. And more I studied these things. I decided not to put this kind of a filter. Because you miss out on some very good trades. Especially in the beginning of a bull market. When not many stocks have established trend intensity of above 1.05. But if it is a very good bull market. Already established bull market. Then this kind of filters can help you in reducing the number of breakouts. Then this kind of filters can help you in reducing the number of breakouts. Which you are getting. Now if these number of breakouts which you are getting. Is still overwhelming. Right. And you want to reduce even further the number of breakouts. Then what you do is you take this filter. And increase this value from 1.05 to 1.19. When you do this you are going to restrict your help. To very small number of stocks. Which already have established momentum. And they are the stocks. Which have in many cases linearity also. But this is more restrictive filter. More suitable for people who don't want to go through all the stocks. Do I use these kind of filters nowadays? No. But do these filters are a valid way of looking at things? Yes. Especially when you get into a wild bullish market. You have 800, 1000, 1500 stocks showing up in your scan. Then this is one of the ways in which you can reduce. The number of stocks which are showing up. I would recommend 1.05 as a better filter than 1.19. Because this 1.19 can be very restrictive. But there is no harm if you are very busy. And you want to only focus on few. To use 1.19 as a filter. So always remember. Whenever we are looking at these kind of things. You can add filter to reduce your number of stocks. Right. And you can add a filter. Which will reduce your number of breakouts. But whenever you are adding filter. Try and think through the filter. So that you only use a filter. Which will increase the probability of your breakout working. And your win rate going up.