 Momentum burst is the central tendency of stocks moves. Stocks move in momentum burst of 3 to 5 days and in 3 to 5 days stocks make moves of anywhere between 8 to 40% and if they are higher priced stocks they can move between 50 to 300 dollars in just 3 to 5 days. This particular tendency of the stock market you can use to make lot of money. In this series of guide videos I am going to show you how to profit from momentum burst. So in order to understand a momentum burst let's look at some examples of them very quickly. And in order to see the examples of them I will take you to my TC2000. So now if you see on TC2000 what you will see is that this stock had a sudden burst of momentum and in just 3 to 5 days the stock made moves. So in this case the stock had a sudden burst of momentum and in just 3 to 5 days it made a move of 121%. Here there was a sudden burst of momentum and in 3 to 5 days it made a 22% move. You can go to any random stock and look at this same phenomenon. Here there is a sudden momentum burst and in 3 to 5 days it made a 104% move. Or you can look at like here in just 3 to 5 days the stock made 17% move. Or like say here in just 3 to 5 days it made 8 to 12% move. Or this stock in just 3 to 5 days or in just 3 to 5 days in just 3 to 5 days made 8 to 20% kind of a move. Here EPRON just now made a move, a big move and you can see a burst of momentum and the stock made 60% move. Like this you can study these momentum burst moves and when you study them what you are going to find is momentum burst happens for 3 to 5 days. And in that 3 to 5 days stocks make a move. Now if you look at a high price stock, say let's look at Autozone which is a high price stock. There are also momentum burst in high price stocks. So this is a 3 day momentum burst and in 3 days the stock made a move of around $100. Or if you look at a stock like Booking and you will see that when it had a momentum burst of 3 days it made a move of $58. Same thing happens on the downside. It has a momentum burst to the downside and it made $92 move. And this you can see on any high price stocks also. So if you see Tesla, when it moves it moves in 3 to 5 days momentum. This is a 3 days, 4 days momentum and it made 35% move or $35 move or 13% move. And this is a very common phenomena in the market which you will see again and again. And this you can use to profit from. In order to profit from this you can use this. So this is a very common phenomenon in the market which you will see again and again. And this you can use to profit from. In order to profit from this you need to have a deeper understanding of this momentum burst phenomena. So in the next part we will look at what is the nature of momentum burst. What happens on the first day of the momentum burst. And how you can use that understanding to create a trading method so that you can profit from this momentum burst.