 Using filters on 4% breakouts is going to reduce your work and you can then deal with lesser number of breakouts so you don't get overwhelmed. This is good for starting traders because they can get overwhelmed by 300 breakouts which are showing up. So one of the filter ideas which I used for almost used for 2-3 years was top 25 breakouts which is like using on the 4% breakout an additional filter where I was looking at only breakouts which were top 25 ranked by TI65. So in this method in TC2000 the simplest way to do this is this is you have a now if you remove this filter right let's remove this filter which we created in the last video now you have 73 stars. Now whenever you are looking at you sort it by TI65 and TI65 is average C7 by average 65 so you add a column and you select and then when you do that you only look at the star for first 25 stocks ranked by TI65. So you are not looking at every stock in this list so what you are going to do is you are only looking you are going to only find a good buy candidate in the top 25 ranked by momentum. So this is again a way to reduce and only focus on the stock which are attracting extremely strong buying. So if you go through that particular thing what you will see is that by number 25 if you don't find a good setup then you don't really go and take that setup because you want to have a stock which has a very high momentum. Now I don't overuse many of these methods because on more deeper dives and things like that. So many times using this kind of filters you lose out on trades and I don't really feel overwhelmed because I know this method I use this for 22 years but for a beginner person if you want to reduce it's very good if you are only focusing on 25 breakouts right and that 25 breakouts you are only going to find one or two good ideas like this. So if you go through this on Friday you are going to only find that one good idea and that way you are not going to get overwhelmed with like 10 breakouts and which one should I be buying and which one should I not be buying. So these filters help you in lowering your complexity or in lowering your confusion. So add filters which have probability to increase your win rate or decrease your confusion.