 When to run 4% breakout and breakdown scans? Once you have 4% breakout and breakdown scans, when should you start, when should you run it? The answer is, I start running my scan as soon as the market opens. As soon as the market opens, the 4% breakout and 4% breakdown scans start running. Now, if you have a TC2000, it's very important to understand this. If you're just a gold membership, and that means you will have a delayed data of 20 minutes. So if you have a delayed data of 20 minutes, you're not going to find any candidate for almost first half an hour or 45 minutes, right? So in order for the scans to start showing you results immediately, first you need an add-on data, real-time add-on data, which I think it costs around $12. So that's the thing. I personally use a platform. I use the Platinum version, the Platinum plan on TC2000. So my scans run immediately as soon as the market opens. So let's look at like when the market opens, what is going to happen is your scans will start populating. So let's go to TC2000 and look at TC2000. So this day is off day, so you are not going to see the thing. But like the scans will start showing you candidates as and when the market opens. Now the stocks, which shows you the market, the market is going to be open. So the stocks that show up in the first few minutes or the stocks which show up, they are the stocks which are going to build over a period of time. So most of the stocks which break out with 4% breakout, which go on to make a big move, they typically show up in the first half an hour or first one hour of the market open. Most of them will show up in the first half an hour of the market open, right? And then the scan keeps building. Sometimes in the market, what happens? You get a lot of buying coming in in the afternoon. So in that case, if there is a lot of buying which comes in in the afternoon, then you have a 4% breakout scan going up during the afternoon. But most days, if it is a bull market, what you are going to see is stocks will show up in your scan early in the morning. Now the stocks, the first set of stocks which show up are the ones which are good candidates. The reason is that if they have a genuine momentum burst, then for the rest of the day, they keep on going up. For the rest of the day, they keep on going up. So what I do for my trading is start running 4% breakout, 4% breakdown, scan right from the opening print. And as and when stocks start showing up, the first good setup which I see, I am going to buy. Or the second or third, right? And basically, the, immediately. Most of the time, in the first half an hour, you are going to get a lot more trades than you have capital. So when do you start running? You start running in the afternoon. You start running. You can run it throughout the day. I run it throughout the day. If I didn't find a good candidate in the first half an hour, will I buy a stock at 11 o'clock? Yes. Will I buy it at 2 o'clock? Yes. Will I buy it at 3? Yes. Will I buy it at 3.58? Yes. If there is a good setup in thing. But the answer to your question or answer to when should you run 4% breakout scan, you start running 4% breakout scan as soon as the market opens. Now, a lot of you are going to question. I ask the question which I have been asked many times. Is that, but by the time the stock shows up in 4% breakout, it is too late. If that is the question which you are asking, your understanding of momentum burst is an issue. Because the reason why we are selecting stocks for momentum burst is they are showing certain magnitude move, which is 4% breakout. So if you can find that stock when it is up only 1% or 2%, there is no guarantee that it is having a momentum burst at all. It is having a range expansion. So any stock which is going to show up in 4% breakout is going to be already up 4% or 5% or 6%. Or sometimes if you are going to be trading stocks priced below $10, you are going to find stocks which will be up 10%, 20%. So should that stop you from buying that stock? No. The whole idea of momentum burst is there is a range expansion. The range expansion has to be certain magnitude for it to have a follow through. Just getting in early on a stock and trying to get in early before it has a 4% breakout, that is not going to work. Second objection which I hear all the time is your 4% breakout scan has this V by V1 condition and V by V1 condition will never be met in the first half of the day. The answer is you are wrong. The V by V1 condition can be met at 9.30 as soon as the market opens. The market opens. And if there is more buyers than yesterday's buying, the stock is going to meet. So the stocks do meet this condition. And I have been trading this for 22 years and I have seen every day stocks meeting this condition. These objections are coming in from not understanding the setup, not understanding the momentum burst. Stocks which have V by V1 being met first thing in the morning and stocks which are meeting your 100,000 conditions are the ones which are being strongly bought. So the market opens. The stock is strongly bought. Buying a stock which doesn't meet V by V1 condition and doesn't meet 100,000 condition, you are going to buy something which doesn't have momentum, which doesn't have range expansion, which doesn't have volume expansion. And the probability of that working may not be very high. So understand, 4% breakout does show stocks starting to show up right from first minute. You will find two or three stocks which will show up in first two or three minutes and they will continue to grow. And by half an hour, many times. If it is a good bull market, you are going to get 60, 70, 80, sometimes 100 stocks showing up in 4% breakout scan. So when to run 4% breakout scan? Throughout the day. But first half is where the real money is in 4% breakout. And all your objections about V by V1 and all your objections it is already up to 10% stems from your understanding of how prices move in the market. So please spend some time doing deep dives. And understanding the mechanics of this particular setup before just going and modifying your scans and trying and entering setups which are not even breaking out.