 Which sector should you focus on if you are going to be using 4% breakout? There are certain sectors which make big moves and they have constant tendency year after year to make big moves and if you know about those sectors and if you select 4% breakout from those sectors you are going to have trades which will have more explosive moves. There are three sectors which make the biggest moves any given normal year. Once in a while something outside of this sector will make a move but the three sectors are healthcare and especially within healthcare the biotechnology stocks. The biotechnology stocks are the one which are going to make the most explosive moves in 4% breakouts. Technology that's the second thing. So healthcare, technology. Technology stocks always have good probability of follow through compared to other stocks. Not only follow through the extent of move they will make will be larger. And this is always been true for many many years. The definition of technology might change but anything which is new, new technology are the stocks which tend to make big moves. Third thing is consumer discretionary or something which is not necessity. Say luxury goods or goods which are like fashion or shoes or lululemon pants or like say some perfume or shoes or some sort of a fashion item. Now. These kind of stocks inherently have the tendency to make more explosive moves. If you know this versus say if you have sectors like utilities. Utilities don't make big moves or defense stocks don't make big moves or stocks like Procter and Gamble or Colgate and all they are like don't make big moves. The stocks which are from healthcare and especially within healthcare the largest mover most of the time on any bullish market is going to be biotechnology stocks. Then technology stocks and consumer discretionary. These three sectors if you look at and if you focus on then what is going to happen is you are going to be more exposing your money to breakouts which have inherently the ability to make 10, 15, 20 percent move in 3 to 5 days versus if you select slower moving stocks. So always select stocks from three sectors. Health. Health. Health. Health. Care. Technology. Consumer discretionary. And for that the our internal way of saying that is focus on plastics.