 Can a momentum burst start from 52 week low and can it make money? And the answer is yes. And the answer is yes. And the answer is yes. And it's very important that you know that a momentum burst which starts from 52 week low can make you a lot of money. So let's look at some of the examples of momentum burst which start from 52 week low and make bigger moves than the momentum burst which starts near 52 week high and which fail many after. So let's go to telechart again and look at TC2000 and look at examples of some stocks recently which have made big moves and see what happened to them. And when you go to TC2000 and when you look at some of these examples of stocks which made big moves recently. Was this near 52 week high? Answer is no. The momentum burst started here and from there the stock made 100-200% move. Or if you look at Rhythm, this is not a momentum burst. When it started, it started near 52 week high. Now if you are stuck in your mind or for whatever reason you believe that only stocks near 52 week high or stocks which hold up very well are the one which you should be trading, then what is going to happen is you are going to miss on this kind of momentum burst. And again and again you will see that the momentum burst near low make bigger moves than many momentum. So you will see the momentum burst near high when the move is apparent and people get into that move and those momentum burst fail. You will see this particular momentum burst. Again the stock was not near 52 week high. Here there is a momentum burst and the stock made 31% move. So if you want to make money from momentum burst, be ready to take momentum burst near lows also. The momentum burst near lows work as well or many times better than the momentum burst which are near high. Momentum burst can start from any level and it's a 3 to 5 days phenomena. For 3 to 5 days phenomena, the stock doesn't need to be near 52 week high or stock doesn't need to have anything else for it to work. Very important. Otherwise you are going to be missing out on lot of trades by just getting stuck on only trading stocks which are trading near 52 week high. Stocks near 52 week low as a momentum burst work. Equally well a stock near 52 week high and many cases they work better than stocks near 52 week high.