 How many trades will you get in a year if you are using 4% breakout method? Now, obviously it is a function of whether there is a bullish market or bearish market, but most of the time on an average year, probability is that it is going to be a bullish market, right? If it is a bullish market, A qualities only, only A quality setups, you will get anywhere between 200 to 250 if you are trading 4% breakout, right? But even if you can get 200 to 250, your actual ability to get into all of those will be limited by what is the sizing which you are using. If you are going to be using aggressive sizing, you are risking 1% of your account, then you might be fully invested with 3 to 4 trades, and till 3rd or 4th day, you may not have capital available to go into another trade. So, as a result, you might end up with only 100, 150 trades with 4% breakout. Now, you are optimistic. So, your objective should be to increase the number of trades, but also your objective, first, single most objective should be to make sure that you only trade A quality setup, because A quality setups have a higher probability of working. And if you have a higher win rate, then it is much better for you because with less number of trades, you can make more money. So, realistically, you can get around 200 to 250 trades, and if it is a good bull market, you might get more of them in a short period of time also. Right? Right. But most of the time, you are very believing in this market, because you are optimistic about it, Most of the time, that's the typical kind of number of trades you should be willing to do in order to make a meaningful difference on your account. And that is an important consideration because if you cannot do enough number of trades, then it's difficult to compound your money. And if you do too many trades and just take small, small amount of profit also, then what can happen is you might do a lot more trades, but you are not going to be moving your account. So realistically, aim for 150 to 200 trades using 4% breakout if you are just using 4% breakout and not using other kinds of breakout methods.