 In this part 2 of this video on momentum burst, we will look at what starts a momentum burst or what happens at the start of a momentum burst. What happens at the start of a momentum burst is that there is a range expansion or there is a burst of a momentum or there is a big candle at the start of a move. Now this particular phenomenon where a stock was not really going up, it is trading either sideways or it is going down and suddenly you get a burst of momentum or a range expansion or a candle which is big starts a momentum burst. And that particular thing, the magnitude of that particular day is important because that magnitude should show that there is a real momentum burst which has happened. And then the stock starts moving in that particular direction. So let's look at some examples of what is really this range expansion on the first day and try and understand this so that we can see this in real life on stocks. So in order to do that, what I am going to do is I am going to take you to my tele chart and in my tele chart thing, I am going to show you the start of a range expansion. So let's go to tele chart and when I go to tele chart, what you will see is that like say let's take any example of any stocks, recent stock, right? Basically let's take say Beyond Meat as an example. Now on Beyond Meat and if you go to this particular day, this was an example of a range expansion. So we will go to that particular day. Now if you go on this particular day, you will see that. This stock was not really making a big move. It was going down for 3-4 days and suddenly it had 7% move. And then once it had that 7% move, what happened was for next 3, 4, 5 days, the stock kept going up. This particular thing led to 28% move. This is a range expansion day or a momentum burst, start of a momentum burst day. And as a result of that, the stock started going up. Similarly, you can have another example of the same thing on the same stocks. So here, this is a stock is not making a move. It is going having a minor pullback and then this is a range expansion compared to last 3 or 4 day. This was a big day. This was a day when the stock was up 13% and that started the move that started the move on this particular stock. Now for another momentum burst of 3 days and in that 3 days, the stock made a move of 10%. Now this is an example of a momentum burst. Similarly, you can look at a momentum burst on any stock and what you are going to find is that at the beginning, whether it is on the long side or short side, you are going to get a large candle. Whenever you get a large candle. That really indicates that there is a momentum burst. So in this particular example, if you look at this particular day, this is a range expansion. The stock had a big day compared to its all other day and then from that range expansion or a momentum came in and as a result, the stock made 199% move. Similarly, if you look at this particular example here. This is a very clear example. Of like an. A range expansion. The stock is not going up anywhere for 3-4 days. Then this is a big range expansion of 42% that kicks off a momentum phase and the stocks keeps going up for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 days and in 7 days the stocks makes a move of 102%. Or you can see another example of momentum burst on that particular stock where again there is a momentum burst. Right. And. In 5 days or 6 days the stocks makes a move of 102%. Now these big bars indicate start of a momentum burst. They indicate start of a momentum burst and you will see that always whenever you see a stock, this is called as a range expansion or this is a range expansion which kicks off a move. This is a range expansion day. Where. This particular day was bigger than any of these days. So if you go on that particular day you are going to see that that was a big day compared to others day. Right. And this was a positive day. It was the stock was up 4%, 4.66% and it kept going up. So that's a range expansion. And from there you see the stock kept going up. Similarly there is a range expansion and the stock made a move. There was a range expansion. It didn't really make much of a move. And same thing happens on the downside. You get a range expansion. Range expansion stocks move in the direction of range expansion. You get a range expansion, a big bar and the stock moves in the direction of that particular range expansion. If you see like say Nvidia here. This is a classic example of a big range expansion to the downside. When there was a big expansion to the downside what happened for the next 3 to 5 days? The stock went down 16%. Similarly there was a range expansion to the upside. Where you had a bar. Which was bigger than the other bars. In the last 3 to 4 days. And see here from that particular range expansion the stock kept going up for next 3 to 5 days. So range expansion or start of a momentum or a momentum burst is what starts a momentum burst move of 3 to 5 days. At the beginning of any momentum burst. What you should be looking at. Is a large. Range expansion bar. If you see a large range expansion bar. The market or that stock is clearly telling you that it is going to go in the direction of that range expansion for next 3 to 5 days. Not every range expansion is going to have a follow through. But enough number of them in a year have a follow through. So range expansion is a powerful signal which tells you that the stock is going to either go up or go down depending on whether the range expansion was good or bad. So range expansion is a powerful signal which tells you that the stock is going to either go up or go down depending on whether the range expansion was positive or the range expansion was negative.