 So I said you look to use the stop you need to put a stop at low of the day or half of the day's range How can you quickly find a low of the day and half of the day and put it on your chart template itself? So that you don't have to keep on calculating it and i'll show you how to set up this at the top of your chart And for that let's go to tc 2000 and do this in tc 2000 So i'm in tc 2000 now So i'm in tc 2000 now when i'm in tc 2000 here This is how this stock is looking at right? I already added here the stop This stop is low of this day. So if you look at on this particular stop that is the low of the day 27.57 So here itself you can see stop closer Now if I want to put a stop which is half of the day Here my stop is half of that day's range The half of that range was 2 $17 so 28.63 is the stop on this particular stock if you want to put it at half of the day's range How can you get this on your chart in order to get this on your chart? It's very easy Whatever template you are using left click when you left click edit toolbar when you do this This something like this will open up when this opens up open this up and go to the end of this Right when you go to the end of this In order to set up this top bar low you go to here and what you're looking for is the bar low Because that is the low of the day Bar low when you go to the bar low whatever you want to do with it, increase that size of that or make it bold that you can do or you can make it italics if you want to make it italics and then abbreviate a prefix it with stop Okay, when you prefixed it with stop and whatever color you want. Let's put this particular thing. Let's make it. it like say blue, light blue. Now if you add that, right, what is going to happen is you are going to see it stopped 27.57 exactly as what I have as a stop as stop 27.57. So I am going to remove that because it is the same, I will delete that just to show you. Now how can you put half of this as a stop? In order to put this stop as half of this, you don't want to put it at low of the day, you want to put it at higher than that, at half of this days bar. In order to do that, here is what you do. You first go to new and then add an indicator formula which is going to calculate what is the half of that days bar and when you go to indicator PCO formula here, you write this thing and give it a name stop, okay. Now I already have that field so I am just going to make it stop half so that to distinguish from what we had earlier. Now the formula. Which you write is half of the days range is what we are going to put your stop at. O is the opening price, right. So O plus, we are going to find what is the half of the days range and the half of the days range is going to be C minus O divided by 2, right. So half of the days range we are adding to the opening price and once you have this press okay. Once you press that, just select any of these things just for like it to save, right and we are not going to actually use this and then close this. Now we have that in our library. So if you go into column and report or indicator and chart plots, you already have this stop your own formulas in your own formulas. You should see stop half as something stop half. It is already there. It has to be already there. Now. If it is already there, then you go and left click on edit toolbar. Now you are an edit toolbar left click right again do the same thing. Go to the end of this thing. Right. Now we are going to add this stop half. So look for stop half here. And when you find that stop half, which will be under this particular thing, you select that. Stop half, right. This is what you had. Now again, whatever jazz you want to do with it, you can jazz it up. You can change the color of it to whatever text color you want to make it like and you see this thing. You made it this thing and prefix it with stop half. You don't actually it will take that stop half as a prefix automatically, right? So once you do that, now you already have this particular thing, right? And you want it next to this. So stop bar low. So just click on this. When you are on this, you can move it by this. So you can put it next to the stop thing. Now it is next to the stop. So stop low is the law of the day. This is the thing. And then click OK. Now here you have stop half 28.63 and this is not showing you stop half. So edit. Go there and put a prefix saying stop half. Okay. Okay. You put a prefix stop half. Now you got a prefix stop half 28.63, right? So I am going to remove this field because I just did it to show it to you people. So now you have this on your chart. Now if you are wanting to enter a stock like this and you want to know where should you put your stop, it's already there 28.63. If you want to put stop at law of the day, it is already there at 27.57. So your top stock. Your job becomes easier because you know where you are going to put a stop and quickly you don't have to take out a calculator or try to figure out. It's there. You can also do this by adding a column here. Same logic. You can add a column saying bar low. So you can go and add a bar low. So insert a column, value column and look for bar low. Right. If you look at low, it will have say low and if you put low as a column, right, and that's the column. Which is going to be the same as what we are looking at basically. And if you see ECH, right, on that 27.57. So that will be stop and you can change this to then the properties and change this name to stop. And similarly, we already created stop up. So if you want, you can like an insert column value and look for your formulas. So my items in my items. So for stop up and you should be having stop up here. And if you put stop up here for the same stock ECH 28.63, which is exactly what is here. I like to put it here because this is easier and this way you don't have to worry about finding where to put a stop. When you see a breakout, immediately you know where to put a stop. So this is one of the things which I call organize like crazy around your setup. So if you organize like crazy around your setup and have these kind of things ready made and ready to go, then when you see a breakout, you can enter quickly and you can put a stop also very quickly.