 What determines the win rate on 4% breakout? If you are trading 4% breakout, it is very important to know what kind of market phases when you will have a very high win rate and when you should avoid 4% breakout. In order to understand that, you have to understand the market monitor and what is the phase the market monitor is in. Now, when you go to the market monitor, what you are looking at, when the primary indicator and primary indicator is basically the number of stocks of 25% plus in a month, in a quarter, these are green. That is the period when you see 4% breakout will be working very well. When money is flowing into the market, that is when you have the stocks making 25% plus move in a quarter. As a result of that, you will see that 4% breakout work very well during that period. The moment selling starts coming into the market and you see selling coming into the market, 4% breakouts are not going to have the same win rate. Avoiding periods when breakouts are not going to work is going to improve your win rate. For many years, I only trade these breakouts, kind of breakouts, when the primary indicator is bullish. The primary indicator is about to start becoming bullish after an extremely oversold level. The second time when these kind of breakouts work very well is when there is an extremely bearish readings on these kind of a thing and the market turns. Whenever, if you want to be safer and you want to increase your win rate, only trade these kind of a breakouts when there is a continuous amount of green on this thing. And also, during the time period in which there are no 300 plus down days. On the market, the moment you see 300 plus down days coming into the market, what you are going to see is the win rate on these kind of breakouts is going to decrease. This is very important because if you continue to buy breakouts when the primary indicator is red, you are going to get stopped out one after the other. So it's extremely critical to use some sort of a filter and that filter, in my case, is market monitor. But the filter has to take. into consideration, is there money flowing into the market? When money is flowing into the market, you will get periods when every breakout you buy is going to work. And then when distribution starts coming into the market, as you have seen in the market monitor which I just showed you, in the last 10 days, distribution started coming in, 300 plus selling days started coming in, the win rate suddenly is going to drop. So it's extremely critical to control your win rate by having a filter. Of course, the bond exchange rate and let me just jump to a shining figure here. Here's a really valid workout method that I learned in a program called Facebook in AZ you click on eating track record of what you or your gliopasta was and you at 10 another share a lot of stat news Protein lounge Christian Grabe coffee and it's a 40 percent breakout rate. There are the next 6 stat news Stop mak Brazil In artificial worry Yes, it will definitely set a break out. So we've had that as, hi-Hey, you know, integration administration talking aboutuminosity at an actual price temprature and how to stop comprar this isisen very actually important as well because so many of the colonai and the cultural development has mean is that if we keep thatuh momentum usando that would an Ting market so overall momentum in the market has a significant impact on your win rate and what happens is that when the market is about to turn in the later stage of a bull market what happens is that by that time most of the stocks have already made a move and many stocks are on the third fourth or fifth phase of their leg and that is when you see these breakouts which look very nice because they have a tight consolidation everything but they are not young breakouts they are like late in the move and then those breakouts start failing so your objective should be to proactively avoid periods when breakouts are likely to fail so primary indicator is one indicator which can help you there is another thing which can help you to tell you when breakouts are likely to fail typically what happens again for this let's go to tc 2000 and look at this typically what happens you can't tell you the education you have had at any point in time and the number of things that have happened is that there is a study which i have recommended study 20 plus daily now when this study 20 plus is extremely bullish that means you have 100 200 stocks showing up in up 20 plus in five days then what happens is that is the time when the peak amount of momentum has reached peak and four percent breakout will stop working you will get a reading around two hundred and then and everything which has to go up has gone up in a short period of time and then breakouts start failing so the good time to buy breakouts is when these readings are low when these readings are low and when you get a 300 plus day that time if you buy breakouts they tend to work better so there are number of things which you can look at the primary thing obviously is that is the market in a bullish mode right so that is one thing which is going to help you the other thing is whenever the Fed is supporting the market when the Fed is doing things like quantitative using or Fed is like putting money into the market then what happens is continuous set of money keeps coming in for a long period of time and then you will get stretches of months 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 18 months when the breakouts will continue to work and when the Fed changes its tune and it starts reducing money supply you will see breakouts tend to fade. So, knowing what phase you are in whether there is aggressive buying coming into the market or there is distribution happening is important to having high win rate you want to be trading in when there is a money coming into the market and continuous set of money coming into the market which is what market monitor is going to tell you and if you can use that kind of a tool to essentially put a filter on your momentum first then you will increase your win rate the other thing is if you buy a market you will increase your win rate and if you buy a market you will increase your win rate that you will keep in mind and then when I will think of the recovery and my rate if I succeed from there at such price those are just rules of possible When will the end of the 뭘 cycle What does a broker do? If it shares its story with a broker the broker will follow a single andells and, have a4 or stentor that might happen. that there is something which is there in the water or there is an alligator in the water and then you start reducing your exposure to the market. You don't take every breakout, you become more stringent, you don't give them more room to run but in the other case where there is lot of buying coming in, if you are prematurely taking profit then you are going to leave lot of money on the table. So you have to understand what phase of the market you are in. Breakouts should be avoided in bearish market. Breakout should be avoided when the market breadth is negative and if you can do these things then you will have very good success with 4% breakout method.