 Studying variation of two lynch will help you in understanding that in different phases of market, if the market is in under correction, the setups look slightly different because there are not many many stocks which are first leg. And then first leg starts and then second leg starts and then stocks can sometime pull back. So this is a variation setup. Again I am going to show you for two lynch which can also work. So the understanding of these kind of things is going to improve your ability to find setups. Right. And here is a good setup which you can see here. Here there is a first leg sideways and the stock has meets all your two lynch criteria. It's not up two days in a row. This is hardly 0.38 percent. Some of the setups I am showing like this because people say oh this is up two days in a row. This is not really up two days in a row because here the stock is up 0.26 percent. It is a 0.38 percent. It is just going sideways before the breakout day. Right. And it's just going sideways. And then there is a clear range expansion and the stock goes up on this same stock. You can see another setup which happened after this. And that setup also was very different from the other setups which we have seen in this particular case. What happened was the stock had this move and then it had a very orderly pullback. Right. And on this day. Again it met your two lynch criteria because there is hardly any volume in this particular thing. So variation study of two lynch is important. If you are a beginner many times what happens beginners are just like and I just understand one part of the setup and they continue to hammer like and that kind of a setup. But as you want to expand your universe of ideas then if you start looking at variations and document variations and look at variations then you will find that minor pullback. Right. This is more like a pullback kind of a setup from where there is a 4 percent breakout. But during this pullback there is no volume. So it's still a good setup. And these kind of setups can also work very well in 4 percent breakouts.