 So once you identified a stock using two links and you entered it early or you entered it at whatever time, the question next which comes in is where to put a stop on a breakout. Now the safer stop to put on a breakout is low of the entry day. So let's go to TC2000 and see supposing there is a breakout which you bought like this. Now the stop will be low of the day. The low of the day on that day was 30.12. You will see that the low of the day was 30.12. Now that is the safest stop. But the stop will be low of the day. But that is too wide a stop in many cases. So I personally when I started trading these methods, I used to put my stop not even at low of the day. I used to put this stop at that time on breakout of three days low. So I would have put a stop on these kind of breakouts at 29.36. And that was the low there of 29.36 or 29.24 too. Now as I have gained more and more experience and understood. More and more how these things works. What I do is I do not put stops at low of the day. I put my stops at half of these days gains, right? Or even higher. Because if this stock ends up giving up half of these days gain, that breakout is no more valid. There is no more momentum burst. Remember the underlying phenomena which we are trying to trade in this kind of a method is momentum burst. Momentum burst. If it is a momentum burst, then it is a stop. If it is a stop, then it is a stop. If it is a genuine momentum burst, it should continue moving in the direction. So I put my personally my stops at half or slightly above the half of the day. Now that is something if you have experience of doing this well, then that is a better stop strategy once you gain enough experience. In the beginning, it might be better to put a stop at low of the day. Because if you are not really good at finding good breakouts and all and you put a stop too early at half of the day's move, many times you might get shaken out. So it might be better for you to start with low of the day and slowly, slowly. Idea should be to get your stop at half of the day's range, right? Now supposing if I enter a stock like this early when it is not 13%, right? And basically, so in this case, if the stock goes up in my favor, I would later keep on moving my stop up during the day so that I'm not risking too much on this kind of a process. Okay. A breakout, right? Now, some of you are going to be like a really late at entering. So if you're late at entering, try and see the maths, you're going to be putting a stop, which is almost going to be 14%, right? Or 13.67%. So incrementally, the trade may not be worth for you. So always keep that in mind. That is why it becomes extremely critical to try and find breakouts early and enter them as soon as you find. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. as a stop.