 Do stock needs to have good earnings or good sales or some really good P-E ratio or price to sales ratio or any good fundamentals for it to work as a momentum burst? The answer is again no. You do not need any good fundamental for a stock to make a momentum burst. In fact, some of the most profitable trade which will do in momentum burst will be on stocks which are extremely poor fundamentals. And that's important again to know because a lot of time you're going to hear in the market, Oh, only focus on stocks which are true market leader, only focus on stocks which have good earnings or good sales or all that momentum burst doesn't care. And if you want to make money trading momentum burst, you should not also care about. I'm going to show you stocks which have no sales, no earnings. And they are not really stocks which anybody would care. And they are stocks which many people consider as having good fundamentals. And they made bigger moves than stocks which many people consider as good fundamentals, and those stocks are not going anywhere. And stocks which had no fundamental reason to go up have made bigger moves. So again, let's go to Telechart for this. And when we go to Telechart, let's look at some of the stocks which have made big moves. Now, if you go and see this particular stock 100% confident. If you have like some fundamental information. About this stock, this stock may not be having any sales, it may not be having any earnings. Or if you look at Rhythm, most of these biotechnology stocks, they don't have any earnings or sales. Yet they have made moves of 100% in swings. If you look at most of these stocks, which have made the biggest moves, they have no reason or they have no good fundamental reason for them to make big moves. These are all the stocks which in the recent 15 days have made big moves. You look at AXSM, this is not a stock which has any good earnings or sales. It has a potential to make good earnings or sales, but it doesn't have currently. The stocks which have good earnings and sales, like I have a list of stocks which have very good earnings and sales here. They are not necessarily the stocks which were making big moves in this particular move. If you look at it, while the stocks which didn't have many of the good earnings and sales, they made good moves. So if your objective is to make money. Then you should trade momentum burst for what it is, a short term 3 to 5 day phenomenon. And do not worry about fundamentals of a stock. Stocks with poor fundamentals will make you more money if you are trading momentum burst than stocks with good fundamentals.