 How can I understand momentum burst vector? In order to understand momentum burst vector, what you need to do is deep dive. That means you do a deep study of momentum burst before you start trading a momentum burst. And the reason why you need to do that deep study is that deep study is going to allow you to see these kind of moves on historical charts. And as a result, you can calculate whether that stock made 8 or 10 or 20% move, whether it was a 3 day move, whether it really started from 52 week low, whether 52 day moving average is important, whether ADR is important, whether 200 day moving average is important. So how can you do a deep dive? In order to do a deep dive, what you need to do is to go back into history and look at 1000, 2000, 3000. Okay. Okay. So you can go back to history and look at 1000, 2000, 3000 examples of momentum burst and mark them on charts. So how you can do this is by basically going into TC2000 and when you go into TC2000, you can basically look at all the charts of any stocks and you can like, and just take all the charts which are there in your stocks and just go whichever way you want. Like you can go alphabetically and look at every single chart. And see where there was a momentum burst in the last one year on the positive side, negative side, mark those momentum bursts. See how the first day move looked. You can go and like, go to that particular days on the first day of momentum burst. This was a, so this is how it will look. Then you can go and see and mark. This is how it looked by third day. And this kind of a deep study of thousands of examples when you do, then what you're going to understand is. How momentum burst works across different price points. How momentum burst works across different market phases. What happens to a momentum burst when the market is in a bearish phase? Do they work? What happens when a market takes a turn? Do they happen near 52 week high, 52 week low? This is a momentum burst. How much was the momentum burst here? This was only 3%. This was a momentum burst. This was 6%. This was 7%. This was 8%. This was 9%. This was 10%. This was 11%. This was 12%. This was 13%. This was 16%. This was 13%. This was 14%. This was 15%. This was 15%. This was 15%. And this is the average. So what is the average days? Where should you, why we putting a stop? What kind of a stop strategy is going to work? All that information you're going to derive from a momentum burst. From a deep dive. Deep dive is a highly recommended methodology for becoming good at momentum burst. The first deep dive which you will do is just to understand this three day phenomena. To see how it happens on different chart. Because you need to be convinced. That this is a momentum burst. That this actually happens. Not because I told you that it happened. So deep dive of at least 3000 examples is the starting point for you getting a deeper understanding of momentum burst. And if you do this, you might come to the same conclusion as what I spoke about in the series of video before that. And what kind of observation you're going to find is going to determine how much confidence you have in momentum burst. So my suggestion to you. Is to do a momentum burst deep dive. First part will be to just understand a deep dive. And once you do that, then you can do a second deep dive, third deep dive. More specific to how to trade a momentum burst.