 Okay, let's look at how long does a momentum burst last? That is very important to know because accordingly you can design your entries, exits and the profit targets. So in the case of a momentum burst, typical momentum burst is going to last for 3 to 5 days. 3 to 5 days. Most momentum bursts commonly are going to be 3 to 5 days. Once in a while, very rarely, you are going to get a momentum burst which will be 8, 10, 12, 15 days. But that's an anomaly. That's not a normal move. So by design, if you are going to be trading momentum burst, it is very critical. If a move is going to last 3 days, then you need to get it on that move on the first day. So getting it on first day becomes very critical because the move itself is 3 to 5 days. Now, which kind of a stock? Will have a longer than 3 to 5 days move? Some stocks are going to have a longer than 3 to 5 days moves. And those stocks are higher priced stocks. Higher priced stocks do not break out with large force or they are not going to break out with 4%, 5% or 6% move most of the time. They break out with just like $2, $3. And when they break out with $2 or $3, their momentum burst can be 8, 10, 12 days. So you have to understand clearly. Lower priced stocks are going to move in 3 to 5 days. Very high priced stocks, stocks priced above $100 are going to move in momentum burst sometimes of 6, 7, 8, 10 days. So can you enter a momentum burst next day in high priced stocks? Yes. But in a momentum burst of lower priced stocks, especially priced below $40, it is going to be 3 to 5 days. And you can see this. Again and again. And I'm going to show you my TC2000. And when you see my TC2000, you're going to see that the momentum burst moves are going to be again 3 to 5 days only. And many of them are going to be over by 4th day or 5th day. So just overstaying this trade doesn't work. And not entering on the first day is a cardinal scene in a momentum. But you can see that the momentum burst kind of a trading because if you cannot enter them on the first day, this particular kind of a phenomenon where you can make it to 10%, 20% in few days, unfortunately is not suitable for you. So let's look at like my tele chart and see how it looks. So if you see on this particular stock, this is a momentum burst. Now, this momentum burst was just a 4 days phenomenon. It lasted only for 4 days. Similarly, on the short side, this is a momentum burst. And it was only 5. So this is a momentum burst. And this was just 3 to 4 or 5 days. And you don't know whether it will continue after that. Similarly, this is a momentum burst. And this was just 3 to 4 or 5 days. Now, as against that, when you look at a higher price stocks, you will see many times like AutoZone has a momentum burst here. But on this momentum burst, and let's go to that particular day to see it much better. So this is the range expansion. This day is bigger than any of the days here, right? Now, from this particular day, but if you see, this was just a 2% move. And then it kept on going up for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 days or 6 days, right? So these kind of momentum burst, you will see again, like there is a momentum burst here. It was 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 days. Those kind of things you're going to see on a higher price stocks. But on a lower price stocks, it is seldom you're going to get momentum. Most which are going to be of that magnitude. So if you see lower price stocks, there'll be 2 to 3 days, 2 to 3 days. And if you don't understand, then you're going to overstay a momentum burst. And if you stay a momentum burst, overstay a momentum burst, you will end up giving up all the profits which happened during a momentum burst. So 3 to 5 days is the golden period for trading a momentum burst on lower price stocks or higher price stocks. They can go up from 6 to 10 days. Sometimes. You may have to wait for a few days. Sometimes you may have to wait for a few days. Sometimes you may have to wait for a few days.