 So you ran a 4% breakout scan. You selected stocks based on tool inch. Once you selected stocks based on tool inch, you decided to buy a particular setup. You decided to put your stop at either low of the day or half of the day. And you calculated your number of shares. And now you're in a position. Now once you're in a position and you put in a stop, how you manage the trade is important because there are many things which can happen once you enter, right? Once you enter, next day what is the stock going to do? You don't know. You're hoping that it will go in the direction of the momentum. Next day either two of the things will happen. A, you'll get stopped out because your half of the day stop is hit and you're out. That's one situation. There is no decision making as far as stop is concerned. Or second day what happens is the stock doesn't really make a move. And it just like goes a little bit up or something. Then you don't need to really move your stop because nothing happens. So nothing has happened on the second day, right? Now there can be another situation. On a second day, the stock follows through. Let's take an example of this. Let's look at say one of the stocks setups which I showed you was here. So you entered on this day. You put your stop at half of this day's range which was around 45 cents. So you put in a stop at around 25 cents like this thing. Now next day the stock follows up. So are you going to put your stop, continue your stop to be high? So you put your stop at around 25 cents like this thing. Now next day the stock follows up. So are you going to put your stop, continue your stop to be high? No, because that doesn't make sense because you risk somewhere around 5% or half of 5%, 2.5%. And you already have 6% in this trade, right? You are willing to give up that much. That's too much risk. So on a second day, if this is the situation where there is a follow through, then you have a decision to make in terms of moving your stop. So in this case, you want to move your stop, not half of these days because half of these days you are still taking 3% risk. So you might want to move it slightly above half of this day. day so then you are saying that look worst case scenario i might got stopped out but i'll still have a profit right and best case scenario is what happened in this particular case on third day there is a follow-through on a third day there is a follow-through right and good follow-through so you risked around 2.5 percent now by third day you already have 14 percent kind of a profit but this is a stock which is really a 10 dollar below stock and for 10 dollar below stock kind of a thing typically the momentum burst is going to make you 20 percent kind of a move right but by you are happy with this kind of a profit in two days also put in 15 percent so you move your stop very aggressively at to just like above half or like an adjust leave one fourth of this day's gain as risking and you are in this trade still on fourth day you have a choice and fourth day managing this is very important fourth day you have a choice and fourth day you have a choice and fourth day you have a choice and fourth day you should be very aggressively managing your profit because if it went up like this and if you didn't sell and you started hoping that this will continue to go up and this will continue to go up and this will continue to go up and soon you will have enough money to buy an island and have bikini-clad woman waxing your ear hair then this is going to happen and all your losses are going to do so during this day once the third day has happened either you can decide to move your stop very close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close to the close because the fourth day is just a bonus and during the fourth day as soon as the stock starts going up you shift your strategy to trailing by two percent or one and a half percent in case the stock keeps going up you make more money in case it starts coming down you have a trailing stop and you get stopped out so managing a stop after you are in a position is a function of how the stock behaves after you are into the trading phase so you can see that the stock is trading in this situation and then you shift it to the goal and this is the initiative you need to take in the first day and in the Destination phase you can include your all JPY hours andところ sandy 곤 in this level in a few days you go to neighborhood at the box address you put your travel belt at the point which you chocolate through your top today at the point which you have to put Laura level at the point which is the date of your best time during that day and then from there this allstart feels like a stay-in this payment leads to you and this is it because your banking go from bad to efficient demand has a lot of рядом with your earnings which is passive On third day, you want to be putting your stop just little bit below the close. That might be 1%, 2% below the close. On third day, you shift to trailing. On fourth day, you want to be trailing. In case it goes up during the day it went up, if you had a trailing stop, you will get stopped out. There is no reason to stay in a momentum burst, especially a 4% kind, beyond fourth or fifth day. So you know that there is going to be a time stop also to this trade. Now this is an ideal situation. The other kind of a situation which can happen is, you entered on this particular day, which was a nice setup. Next day, the stock didn't really do anything. You are still holding your stop. Now on third day, the stock made a move. Now you know momentum burst are 3 to 4 days kind of a thing. In three days, you have 10%. Again, you move your stop very close to the third day's gain. Because it has worked, right? And then you get stopped out. Because next day, it dips below your stop. And you get stopped out. Now, there can be a third situation. In the third situation, you bought a breakout. And once you bought a breakout, what happened was, this happened. And the stock really didn't follow through. And it just like in a next day also, it didn't. By third day, you know that this stock has not had a follow through. So on every trade which I take in a momentum burst, kind of a 4% breakout, I have a time stop. By third day, if the stock has not moved, by midday, around midday of third day, I'm going to kill that trade for whatever profit I get or loss I make. Even though it may or may not work after that. But the very fact that the stock didn't have a follow through by third day, the trade is over. The trade is over. So managing the stop after that depends on how the stock behaves. The stock doesn't do anything for two days after you enter. You just get out of that stock and don't start hoping. If the stock has first day, second day doesn't do, you still keep your original stop. On third day, definitely you want to move your stop or whatever profit you have by third day. You want to keep 80%, 90% of that profit which is there by third day. Fourth day, you want to be like in a looking at shifting to a trailing stop. Trailing stop is something which you trail 2% or 3% below. Whatever is the price. Automatically, if the stock keeps going on making a move, like in this particular day, it kept on going up. If it kept on going up, your stop will keep moving up. And when you start reversing because it's a trailing stop, you might get stopped out here. So you made in four days around 20% kind of a case, right? These trades by very definition are three to five days trades. Most of them will be three to four days max, right? And a very few will be beyond five days. So your profit is over. Profit harvesting target strategy has to take that into consideration. And this is also the reason why managing the trade after you enter it is as important as just getting entry into this trade. How you manage this trade is going to determine what is your profit going to be.