 So whenever you are running 4% breakouts, if you get overwhelmed by the number of breakouts, then adding a filter is a good idea. So let's look at another idea to add a filter. This filter which is called M20 which is a momentum, absolute momentum which you calculate from a low of 30 days. And in order to do that, let me show you TC2000 and show you how to set up this particular filter. So when you go to TC2000 and when you look at this particular scan, now you can add a filter to it. And this filter is very good at finding younger setups or the first leg or second leg of the move. So we write a formula here and in that formula, we are going to write this is the absolute momentum anchored to the 30 day low. Greater than or equal to 1.2. And or you want a stock which is either up 20% from a low or you want a stock which is up $20 from a low. So C minus means C20 is greater than or equal to 20. So you are going to find a stock which is either up 20% from its low. So you are looking for a stock. Which is like from its low up 20% or it is up $20 from its low. And when you apply this filter again, what is going to happen is from the 73 stocks which you're looking at, it is drastically going to reduce the number of stocks which meet your criteria. So only 34 stocks are meeting this particular criteria. And in order to visually see this, how this filter works, you can also have a template which shows you where this filter was true. So in this case, like you will see that this stock, when it made 20% move from the bottom, you can see this filter being true. So this is something which is like and I will show you how to do it by just adding the same thing which we added there on your chart like TI65. So the same thing I added with C greater than 3 and mean mean 3. And that is how this will look right. But here, going back to our 4% breakout scan now. What you see is that the filter is true. So this is the filter. So this is the filter. So what you see is now you have only 34 stocks and these stocks have already gone up 20% from their low and then they are showing up. So this is another way to add a filter to your 4% breakout to reduce the number of breakouts which you're looking at. This filter which I just discussed is very good when the market is coming out of a long correction. When the market is coming out of a long correction, stock establish a new low. Then they bounce back 20% and then they have a consolidation or an orderly pullback and then they make a move. Like if you have to see an example which we discussed beyond mid. Now in this particular example, if you see, it's not going to show up here in your TI65 kind of a filter. But it is going to show up here on a day like that of breakout or here because it will meet your M20 filter. So if you see in this particular example, it is going to show up here. So if you see in this particular beyond mid kind of an example where this already was up 20% and then it showed up. So the M20 filter is very good. It will not show up in a TI65 filter. So in a TI65 filter, it will only show up after it reached this particular price. So this is why M20 is a good filter to find younger trend. So that's another filter which you can use on your 4% breakout. The idea of all these filters should be whatever it is. The idea of all these filters should be whatever it is. To improve your win rate and improve the probability that the breakout you find is earlier. M20 is a good filter to find breakouts which are early breakouts. And especially finding a breakout after a first leg has been established.