 Now there is a simple way to trade this with what I showed you which is like a finding and entering and exiting. Now once you have enough experience in trading a setup like this and if you have really good experience and you want to make aggressively more money is when you experiment with other ways of managing this trade. As I showed you if you put in a stop which is very close which is half of the day then you are putting in lot more capital at work on this kind of a setup not just like in a 5% or 10% of your account you are putting in like 40-50% of your account. Then in order to manage the risk and to free up capital for the next set of a breakout you might want to experiment with more advanced techniques like buying a larger position and taking profits. So you might want to take a profit 80% profit off and keeping 20% position or on third day you want to like take 80% of your profits and put 20% position there. Or like you want to like not take 1% risk but start taking 2% risk. Now if you take a 2% risk in the example which I showed you you will almost have 100% of your capital in just a swing trade. And in that case then it makes enormous sense to take some off. So that is what is called a stop. So that is what is called a stop. So that is what is called a stop. So that is what is called a position. Pilling a position doing 80-20 is a very advanced trading technique. And I would recommend that in the beginning you should first get good at doing the conventional thing and then add those kind of techniques. When I am doing 80-20 kind of a thing I am putting in 60-70-80% of my account on a swing trade. And then what I am doing is I am taking 80% off. Or I am like in a W. And then I am tripling my position I would have taken originally on a swing. And then taking 80% off on a second day or a third day. And then keeping rest for whatever more it can give. Now this is an advanced technique. And beginners are going to have lot of problems trying to make this work. So this particular video is not going to get into these kind of advanced techniques. Advanced techniques will be something which we will have in a separate section in the guide which is talking about advanced technique. So this particular video is going to be something which we will have in a separate section in the guide which is talking about advanced technique. And if you don't have good win rate and if you try advanced technique you are just going to go and make it more complicated. But there is a better way to manage this position also by partially pilling of profits also. Partial pilling of profit makes sense only if you are putting in large size positions. If you are not putting in big positions of 50-60% of your account. And if you are just putting in small amount of 5-10% of your account. And then you pill. Then it's not really going to help you increase your profitability. It is just going to mess up your thinking. And all the time you will be asking question. When should I pill? When should I pill? Sometimes you are going to pill too early. Sometimes you are not going to pill at the right time. And as a result of that you are just going to sub optimize the trade. So suffice it to say there is an advanced technique to manage this kind of trades. And increase your profitability. But that I would leave it for traders who have mastered this. But that I would leave it for traders who have mastered this. And after mastering and trading it for couple of years. Move into advanced tactics like 80-20. Pilling the position. Or like a reverse pyramid as it is called.