 So once you do a good job of selecting the right kind of a stock using tool inch from a 4% breakout, the next question becomes, when do you enter that particular stock? And the answer to that is as soon as you find a good breakout, if you enter, your stops will be closer. Further away from the breakout, you enter a breakout, your stops is going to be wider and wider and wider. And if you enter breakouts in the last one hour, what is going to happen is you will have a wider stops because many good breakouts are the one which you want to be in. Typically, they break out first thing in the morning and throughout the day, many times they will keep going up. So in the morning, if you entered a breakout. Which is like 5%, right? By the end of the day, if it is a good breakout, many times that 5% breakout will end up becoming 15% or 16%, 20% breakout. It will keep going because there is a momentum and the stock will move in the direction of momentum. So the earlier you can identify a breakout and enter them early, the better is the risk reward for this kind of a breakout kind of a methodology. So... So... Once you find a good breakout, try and enter them as early as possible. Yes, if you enter them as early as possible, will the breakout fade? Sometimes it happens, but this typically happens when the market itself is in a fading mood or the market is in a downtrending mood or the market is not really going up. So whenever you find a breakout, I try and enter my breakout as early as possible. Finding and entering early or fee is the core strategy or tactics which I use on these breakouts. Can you buy a breakout at 11 o'clock and will it work? Yes. Can you buy it at 1 o'clock and work? Yes. Can you buy it at 2 o'clock and work? Can you buy it at 3 o'clock, 4 o'clock, can it work? Yes. What you should not be doing is buying breakouts in after markets. Right? What you should not be doing is buying a breakout next day. And the reason why... Why a breakout should not be bought next day is because these moves are 3 to 5 days. So if you miss entering them early, your opportunity to make more money is going to be very small. So next day, there is no guarantee that you are going to get a good entry. Next day, if a good breakout is really good and a very powerful breakout and there is a scramble to get into it, next day it is going to gap up. So you are not going to get good entry. So if you are wanting to trade breakout kind of methods like 4% breakout, or dollar breakout, most of the time, the most ideal entry is as soon as the breakout is apparent. So sooner you can find this breakout and enter early, the better it is in terms of your win rate and better it is in terms of follow through. Because many times what is going to happen is you buy a breakout which is just like 4% or 4.2% and it shows up in the first 15-20 minutes. And you end up buying that. And that breakout, if it is a genuine breakout, by the end of the day, the stock might be of 10%, 12%, 14%. Now if you waited, your stop is going to be 14%. So buying breakouts early is a significant advantage whenever you are trading breakout kind of methods. And keep that in mind.