 So once you run a 4% breakout scan on the bullish side, you need to select the right kind of a stock from it. In order to select the right kind of a stock from it, there are certain quality control parameters or quality of the setup parameters which you need to use to select the right setup. Because the setup which you select should be capable of going up for next 3 to 4 days. So for that, I have a set of conditions which are like a checklist kind of conditions. And if you use those checklist kind of conditions, then what is going to happen is you will every time find the right high probability setup from 4% breakout which has a very high probability of going up. If you don't use the parameters and just buy a random setup, you will get a very high probability of going up. If you don't use the parameters and just buy a random setup, you will get a very high probability of going up. So what does 2-Lynch mean? 2-Lynch, I am just going to explain to you simply and then we will look at each element of it in detail. 2-Lynch, first condition is 2, which means the stock should not be up 2 days in a row. L stands for linearity. Y stands for young. N stands for negative or narrow range day. C stands for consolidation quality. And H stands for close, near, high. So let's look at 2 out of these. 2 out of 2-Lynch. What does 2 out of 2-Lynch mean? The stock should not be up 2 days in a row before the breakout. Now, when you say that stock should not be up 2 days in a row, sometimes the stock will be up just 0.1% or 0.2% or 0.1%. I will take that kind of a stock still. I do not consider a move up up to 2% as something the stock is up much. So 2 days in a row, if a stock is up, the swing for that stock has already started. So you have to select a stock where before the 4% breakout, the stock is not up 2 days in a row. Little bit of a giveaway, like half a percent it was up, I will still take it. But the ideal candidate is 1, which is not up 2 days in a row. So out of 2-Lynch, we looked at 2. So stock should not be up 2. Next thing is L. L stands for linearity. Linearity means stock should not be very choppy. I do not want to trade very choppy stocks by choice. Choppier stocks require wider stock. Choppier stocks are unpredictable. Choppier stocks, intraday can also be very choppy. So your stocks are not going to work very well. So as a quality criteria, whenever I am selecting a 4% breakout kind of a setup, I am looking for a setup where that stock has a history of very linearity. Linearity means predictable moves. Linearity means the stock had in its previous moves a lot of buying. You want to see a stock which has consistent and persistent buying. If a stock has consistent and persistent buying, it will have linearity. If it does not have consistent and persistent buying, it has choppiness. Now by selecting stocks which have high linearity, we increase the probability of setup working. Because if a stock had a very high persistent and continuous buying and then it was not going up, it was going sideways or it had a minor pullback and it was not up 2 days in a row and then it has a 4% breakout, that particular setup has got a much higher probability of working than a choppier stock. Linearity is extremely important to me. I only select linear setups and I avoid under any circumstances choppy setups. So look for linearity. So first condition 2. If a stock is up 2 days in a row, you don't even look at it. Linearity is a problem. I don't want to be even going further. Linearity is the most important criteria. So in 2 Lynch, we looked at 2. Stocks should not be up 2 days in a row. Stocks should have linearity. But there is another thing which I look for and which is very important. It should be a young setup. And what is a young setup? Something which is breaking out and which has got only first or second setup. When stocks come up, they are not going to be up 2 days in a row. They are not going to be up 2 days in a row. They are not going to be up 2 days in a row. If they keep on going up, they set up at 3rd time or 4th time. And if they set up 3rd or 4th time and if you take a setup which is 3rd or 4th setup in a continuous move, then the probability of that failing is much much higher. So younger setup is what I am looking for. Not only younger setup. Typically 4% breakout kind of methods or any breakout kind of methods work better on younger stock. That means stocks which have IPO'd in last 10 years. Very old stocks are not going to be up. Stocks are not going to make explosive moves. What you want is younger things. Young. Younger things. There is a reason why 60 year old hedge fund managers date 20 year old girls. Or why Leonardo DiCaprio trades only girls below 25. Same reason when you want to trade setups. You want to trade younger setups. Not something which is a 3rd or 4th leg of a move. Look for the first or second leg of the move. That is what is called as young. So you are going to look at first. Should not be up 2 days in a row. Then linearity. And then it is a young setup. If these 3 conditions are met, then we will look at the next thing. And the next thing is also important. But the 3 things first are the most important. Not up 2 days, linearity and young. So when we are looking at 2 linch. Not up 2 days in a row. Linear. Young. The next thing is before the breakout. Before the breakout. The day before the breakout should be negative day or a narrow day. That means the day before the breakout should be either down day or it should be something where the stock has a very narrow range day. Either a doji or some sort of a small candle. You don't want stock which is already going up. Because you want to buy a breakout at a start of a swing. And narrow or negative is very important. Because if you take stocks which are narrow or negative day. Then the volatility has been low before the breakout and when the breakout happens it explodes. And when it explodes it will make that 10,20,30,40 percent move in next 3 to 5 days. If you select stocks which doesn't have this condition, you are not going to make much money. So let's see. 2 linch we are looking at. Not up 2 days in a row. Linearity. Young. And narrow or negative day. Whenever you are looking at a 4 percent. looking at a 4% breakout, it is going to start from some sort of a consolidation and that or you are selecting stocks which are going to start from a consolidation. So in order to do that, we looked at two which is not up two days in a row, linearity, negative or narrow range, but the consolidation before this breakout is extremely critical, the quality of consolidation. Then what I look for in quality of consolidation, the first thing during the consolidation, the stock should not be having more than one 4% breakdown. If a stock has two or three 4% breakdowns in the consolidation, that means there are not strong buyers in that particular stock. That is the kind of stocks where breakout is going to fail and I don't want that kind of a breakout. Ideal candidate in a consolidation, there is no 4% breakdown, but I will take a candidate which has 1.5%. The other thing which I look for in a consolidation, very important is consolidation should be tight. That means the volatility during the consolidation should be very low. It should be very orderly. You should not have too much up and down moves. You should not have the stock jumping all over the place. Very orderly consolidation is very important. The next thing is during the consolidation, the volume should be low. If the volume is low in consolidation. If the volume is low in consolidation, and volume really keeps on dropping during the consolidation, that means there are not many sellers and whatever selling is happening is being absorbed. If you have too much high volume up and down days during the consolidation, that means there are no settled buyers or there are no strong buyers in this particular name. So consolidation quality is the next thing in toolage. So not up two days in a row, linear, young, narrow or negative day and consolidation quality. When you apply this set of criteria. To your 100 or 200 stocks which are showing up in 4% record, you will be left with only two or three or four good ideas. Consolidation quality is extremely important. So we are looking at toolage and we looked at stock not up two days in a row. Linearity that means very smooth move, young stock or a young setup, right? Narrow or negative day, consolidation quality. But the last criteria is equally important. The stock should be closing near high when you select it to buy. If a stock had a breakout, it went up a lot during the day and it starts pulling back, and that's the kind of stock which you buy, there is no momentum which is going to be lasting. If on the first day of its breakout itself, if it cannot maintain momentum, what makes you think that it is going to have momentum second day or third day? So every time, whenever you are selecting stocks from 4% breakout, you want to select a stock which is closing as high as possible. So you have to be careful. So you have to be careful. Now you are not going to be really selecting stocks which close exactly at high because stocks don't really close that high, many are going to give up some part of their move which is a natural way in which stocks trade. So I am willing to give up up to 30% of the gains. So if a stock is up $10 and if it like gives up $3 and it is up still $7 I'll still take it, but you have a choice. You don't have to take that. You can increase the stock. take that stock also you can only select a stock which is only giving up 10% of its move or 20% the stock which closes near the high is a better candidate for the simple reason it tells you something qualitatively about that breakout that there are still buyers at that price so select stocks which are closing near high which means don't select stocks which are the big tails don't select stocks which are given up half of the days gain don't select stocks which are given up 60% of the gain select stocks which are closing strong now again I am going to get a question and I know this question because I get it thousand times and I answered this 10,000 times in last 20 years oh but then I cannot buy any breakout till end of the day no when you are buying a breakout at that time the stock should be closing near the high so at 9.45 or 10 o'clock you are running 2 linch you are running 4% breakout scan at that time the stock should be closing near the high so at 9.45 or 10 o'clock you are running 2 linch you are running 4% breakout scan at that time the stock should be closing near the high every minute of the market has a close so at that time the stock should be closing near the high and closing near the high is important so in 2 linch we looked at 2 l y n c h and now let's look at this combined together in the next slide so that you understand what 2 linch is so if you want to trade momentum burst kind of a breakout on 4% breakout the most important phrase which you need to not only remember but really understand in depth is 2 linch which is stock not up two days in a row stock which has linearity stocks which has young setup that means either a first leg of the move or second leg of the move not third fourth fifth or sixth leg of a move new narrow or negative day prior to the breakout so this is the first leg of the breakout consolidation quality there should not be more than one 4% breakdown in consolidation consolidation should be orderly consolidation should not have choppiness consolidation should not have high volume selling and stock should close near high so if all these conditions are met then only you select a stock and in your next set of videos I am going to look at using this 2 linch criteria to what showed up in friday's breakout scan and then we'll select stock based on two linch criteria